hi it's an under from Vitol natural and
today I'm going to talk about a
practitioner only product and what that
means is that you can only order this
product if you've had a consultation
with one of our naturopath
I'll talk more about how to do that
later but this practitioner only product
I want to talk about specifically for
rosacea and those with sensitive or
allergic skin because it's so beneficial
the product in particular is metagenic
oxidant protection now it doesn't give
away any of the benefits with the name
it certainly is a bit lackluster but the
ingredients are what makes this product
fantastic and I'll explain why as I talk
through the ingredients so the first
ingredient is 12 grams of grape seed now
grape seed is fantastic for
strengthening the blood vessels in the
case of rosacea blood vessels are
weakened and then hyper reactive so what
the grapeseed does is strengthen the
blood vessels and minimizes the the
reactivity if you like of that blood
vessel or capillary in the skin so both
with allergic sensitive skin and rosacea
we want to strengthen the blood vessels
and minimize reactions or hyper
reactions and sensitivity in that blood
vessel supply so at 12 grams this is
quite a strong dose but it's what's
needed for for that effect to get an
effect with rosacea with this product
we're looking at three months at least
for sensitive skin and when I started
taking it it was as little as a month to
really see a dampening down of skin
reactions the second thing is Polly
gonna and this is a resveratrol product
so it's good 9 grams standardized to 18
milligrams of resveratrol resveratrol is
also found in red wine however by the
time you drink the quantity of red wine
that's required to get a level of
resveratrol you'd be lying on the floor
drunk so this is another really good way
to take it poly Ghanim is traditionally
a Chinese herb and it's used for its
excellent antioxidant qualities and
specifically antioxidant for the skin it
has a really great antioxidant effects
reducing free radical free radical
damage in the skin reducing also
inflammation and allergic responses in
the skin so again great for both rosacea
and allergic sensitive skin next it's
got two hundred and fifty milligrams per
tablet vitamin C now vitamin C is
excellent as every aspect of skin
healing it's an antioxidant improves
wound healing it reduces collagen
breakdown it reduces elastin breakdown
so as a nutrient from the inside out
I've talked about topical vitamin C
application being excellent well
internal vitamin C taking vitamin C only
an inch you know getting that vitamin C
from the blood supply internally is also
really important for skin health thirdly
zinc sulfate now thick is excellent and
for wound healing it's also immune
responses and in allergic and sensitive
skin you're getting a localized skin
immune response that's overreacting so
zinc will help moderate that immune
response in the skin which is excellent
because you want to dampen down
everything so as an antioxidant and to
dampen down immune responses or
normalize immune responses the zinc
vitamin A now vitamin A helps skin knit
together more tightly what we see say
for example in someone with damaged or
irritated skin is that the the bonds in
the skin start to break apart and then
the integrity of the skin weakens so
vitamin A helps increase skin integrity
and for that matter so does ink so the
vitamin C vitamin A and zinc
all help with that skin integrity and
the last ingredient is selenium so it's
the selenium in here again another great
antioxidant really good support for the
immune system as well and local immunity
so this product as I said it's
practitioner only so you could only get
it if you've had a naturopathic
consultation with one of our natural
but for rosacea rosacea and sensitive
skin it is amazing what we generally get
people to do is to take two tablets
twice a day with food and see how they
go from month to month now if you want
to try the oxen of protection you'll
need to email us on info at vital vit al
e natural calm day you and we'll send
you out a skin analysis naturopathic
form when you fill that out we'll assess
that and determine whether oxidant
protection is appropriate for your skin
condition so if you're interested either
email us or phone us and what talked to
you about your skin condition in general
and determine what's right for you okay
thanks and talk to you soon